Mr. Stokes refuses to take medicine
Crying for martial law
Please come quickly.
Grandma, do I play well?
Nice grandma
I paid you for this piece.
I wish you a happy life in the East China Sea
Ok ok
This is the best gift grandma ever received
Happy birthday mom
Happy birthday mom happy birthday
Happy birthday grandma happy birthday grandma
Happy birthday grandma
Sorry grandpa
Mom and Dad have been delayed.
I heard that the Bai family is also here
They didn't bully you, did they?
Are you all right?
What are you trying to hide?
If grandma hadn't arrived in time
The Bai family still doesn't know how to bully you
This Bai family is simply too deceiving
They'd better not appear in front of Xiao Ming again
Otherwise, I want him to look good
It's also time to give the Bai family some color
So let me introduce you.
This is my long-lost flesh and blood
If anyone dares to bully him in the future
That would be against my entire departure from home
Don't worry, old lady
My Zhang family will never let my daughter leave home
Suffer the slightest grievance
My Liu family will not be well either
YANYAN
Do you want grandma to clean up for you again?